Add documentation describing rbac roles (#2611)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/README.md

## Resource Consumption

To learn more about the resources used by the Istio module, see [Kyma Modules' Sizing](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform-internal/kyma-modules-sizing?locale=en-US&state=DRAFT&version=Internal&comment_id=22217515&show_comments=true#api-gateway).

## Authorization

> To assign access permissions to the Keda module resources, use the following [aggregated ClusterRoles](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#aggregated-clusterroles):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assign access permissions to the API Gateway module resources, use the following [aggregated ClusterRoles](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#aggregated-clusterroles):
```
